SkillQuest

Mind Maps:

	I would like to visualize IT skills as mind map.
	Something like the examples you find here:
	https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap

	Instead of plain boxes, steps in the path with possible direction could have a better design.
	Something like this:
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWkR0ldRsig&ab_channel=KodeKloud


Hierarchy:

	Starting step is an IT specialization (for instance Frontend Developer).
	
	From that many paths related to different skills are created.

	Path is made of Topic in higher level (for example HTML)

	To complete a topic you should mark all its steps as done.

	Each topic has some children steps, what could be placed in sequence, or parallel.
	
	Every learning step should have some learning resource attached (article, video, image)
	
	Every learning step should have some rates that measure 
	(how much it contributes to parent topic in %, priority, complexity)

	Every Learning resource could be tagged and stars-rated by users that used that.

Users:

	We can provide those types of users (Admin, Learner, Scout, Trainer)

	Admin can do everything.
	
	Trainer can 
		add topics 
		connect topic (sequence, or parallel).
		add learning resources to a topic.
		rate topics

	Scout can 
		add learning resources to topic.
		Rate learning resource
		Tag learning resource

	Learner can
		Visualize Topic
		Visualize Learning Resources (titles)
		Consume learning resources (mark them as completed)

Features:
This is mostly open topic to merge our ideas.
As basic features I would consider:

	1)	User can visualize steps he completed (they go from default color to green for example)
	2)	When all steps of a Topic are completed, Topic also become green.
	3)	There can be some code assessment to validate acquired knowledge from external code platforms like:
	4)  Every learning resource reviewed will give some points.
	5)  More points could be given when a whole Topic is completed
	6)  Even more points are given when you complete a coding tasks (according to complexity)
	7) 	it is possible to visualize report on weekly, monthly and yearly points.


		
